We need to restore the site content, restore the database first.
We've done that Uncompress, the tofile in your home directory.
We will do that.
You then need to modify WP config with the new database credentials.
You then need to move the contents to var w w w site name public html to uncompress, the taufa to EXIF
followed by the filename.
Then you need to change to the public html directory.
You are compressing this file in your home directory.
It's not c.D slash for it's Kadivar and then follow the path.
We will use NENO to edit WP config to change the database credentials and to move the contents.
We will use M.V. The Move command tor EXIF followed by the filename listing displays a new directory
called VAR Change to the VA directory.
It's not slash for it is just for a listing.
Displays another directory w w w change to that directory listing displays another directory change
to your site name listing displays another directory public HTML change to that directory listing displays
our WordPress files.
Now we need to open WP config and change the database credentials.
Database name, we can copy and paste into WP config, the database user.
And finally, the database password, you can exit NENO saving your changes.
Now we need to move these files and directories from our home directory to slash volle w w w the name
of the site public html.
We have now moved the contents from our home directory to slash for w w w the site name public underscore
html.
If you look at the ownership and the permissions on certain files, it is incorrect.
This is why it is most important at this stage to continue with number six, secure WordPress using
the command line and step seven, secure WordPress using Ingenix Directive's.
Our site has been restored from back up with zero errors in this lecture.
We looked at restoring a site, using the database and site backup files.